pkg/tinyusb: implement stdio via CDC ACM (#18804)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: pkg/tinyusb/doc.txt

 * }
 * ```
 *
 * Create a file `tinyusb_app_config.h` in your application directory.
 * This file is can be used to override the default configuration defined
 * in `tusb_config.h`.
 * ```c
 * #define CONFIG_TUSBD_CDC_NUMOF   2
 * ```
 *

>  * By default, the number of `CFG_TUD_*` device class and `CFG_TUH_*`
>  * host class interfaces are defined to 1 if the corresponding `tinyusb_class_*`
>  * and `tinyusb_device`/`tinyusb_host` module are enabled, and 0 otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * By default, the number of `CONFIG_TUSBD_*_NUMOF` device class and
 * `CONFIG_TUSBH_*_NUMOF` host class interfaces are defined to 1 if the
 * corresponding `tinyusb_class_*` and `tinyusb_device`/`tinyusb_host`
 * module are enabled, and 0 otherwise.
```
Hm, this change request was somehow lost.

 * That is, there is one interface of each class.
 *
 * For example, if the `tinyusb_device` and `tinyusb_class_cdc` modules are

>  * enabled, `CFG_TUD_CDC` is defined to 1 by default. The number of all other
>  * `CFG_TUD_*` device class interfaces are 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * enabled, `CONFIG_TUSBD_CDC_NUMOF` is defined to 1 by default. The number of all other
 * `CONFIG_TUSBH_*_NUMOF` device class interfaces are 0.
```

>  * For example, if the `tinyusb_device` and `tinyusb_class_cdc` modules are
>  * enabled, `CONFIG_TUSBD_CDC_NUMOF` is defined to 1 by default. The number of all other
>  * `CONFIG_TUSBH_*_NUMOF` device class interfaces are 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For example, if the `tinyusb_device` and `tinyusb_class_cdc` modules are
 * enabled, `CONFIG_TUSBD_CDC_NUMOF` is defined to 1 by default. The number of
 * all other `CONFIG_TUSBH_*_NUMOF` device class interfaces are 0.
```
It might be nitpicking, but if we're going to change the documentation anyway, we should change it to meet the 80-character count if possible.
